yeah BJ bacon I got my nigga jersey with
me what's up what up so what you mean
ain't go what you mean like so what you
mean ain't go you mean I don't go with
you mean ain't Joe I'm gonna show yo she
go so what you mean ain't go with you
mean so what you mean ain't go to me so
what you mean ain't Joe I'm go go go go
go go so what you mean ain't go but you
mean so what you mean ain't no but you
mean so what you mean ain't go I'm dope
yo don't go go go so what you mean ain't
go that's funny like a joke a vacant
taking over from my coach to Yoko
somewhere they roll away they smoke I'm
louding I styling yeah I'm doping and
most I don't mean a boat's I'm making
his getting rich why i think is staying
bro commander by time doing numbers why
my team getting close there against
nigga but I still put your whole maker
talk about a total make a hill what I
make a taste with an old maker swallow
water toast don't let them hold but
you're showing love go up like aids
nigga will be shining on my folks can
rebut the 504 hallway be erased a
meeting I'm still trust the water fuck
y'all harassing me up like
but go away to kill him happily I let us
see a tragedy but it ain't gonna happen
young Reverend Peter were still no
exhibition if I've all loved and
everybody gonna let me I devine I hate
to be this instrumental Cassidy why you
get a beat I did it all for nothing go
go yeah oh yeah I'm DJ I'm on my way
going think this can wait the door so
what you mean that I am you're defending
my pain garden planter West studio I
can't call me made and some people
thought I come give me a beat is bumping
and jumping in I put on the show
everybody wanna take a puppet is Duke on
my flowers though cokin if you tried to
imitate this and you gonna show one time
not on your wife is on my head on my
timely nigga tryin to do it they're
coming up with your eyes give me a few
times and im gonna shine unless I go to
jail for killing beaches a crime hold up
they said I killed this right that I
brain you bitch you like a class Kitty
crying how you draw while imagine like I
got Houdini made him you know I sweet
that wretched shit crazy shit the man
because realize i'm on the tray you're
not have living this ain't way with that
fake shit your grill niggas and fade
nigga that shit don't mix and then my
jungle by some money that's obscene you
don't get ya
mini fridge they're breaking laaame i'll
be making them hit the boy DJ baking you
already know what time it is I was I'm
entertainment and it goes like this
we're gonna do this you like this shit
they playing BTW go nuts here let minute
am I making the same and taking over
this hill DJ bacon upon the track yeah
jesus your he'll make it easier to
understand